How do I make it?
The Soldier and the Maiden, Abe Melton, Austin, March 4th, 1939.
Soldier, soldier, will you marry me with your musket, pife, and drum?
Oh no, pretty maid, I cannot marry you, for I have no socks brought on.
Then away she ran to the sock, make a shop as fast as she could run.
She bought him a pair of the very best socks and the soldier put them on.
Now, soldier, soldier, will you marry me?
Will you musket, fife, and drum?
Oh, no, pretty maid, I cannot marry you, for I've no shoes put on.
In a way she ran to the shoemaker shop as fast as she could run.
She bought him a pair of the very best shoes and the soldier put them on.
Now, soldier, soldier, will you marry me?
Will you must get by some drum?
Oh, no, pretty maid, I cannot marry you, for I've no pants put on.
Then away she ran to the pants maker shop as fast as she could run.
She bought him a pair of the very best pants, and the soldier put them on.
Now, soldier, soldier, will you marry me with your musket, knife, and drum?
Oh, no, pretty maid, I cannot marry you, for I've no shirt to put on.
Then away she ran to the shirt mega shop as fast as she could run.
She bought them shirts for the very best make, and the soldier put it on.
Now, soldier, soldier, will you marry me with your musket, pipe, and drum?
Oh, no, pretty maid, I cannot marry you by my child and my wife at home.
Oh, no.
Must know and speak the truth.
You left me when my heart was strong.
No voice can e'er excuse me.
Farewell, I think I love you again.
As friend to friend, I wish you again.
My eyes are always by you.